# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

Meeting notes: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/tree/master/minutes/project-leadership-sync

Zoom link: https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/289359817

## Instructions

### In the leadup to the meeting

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

### As you join the meeting

Add your name to the appropriate team or working group that you are representing below.

### After the meeting

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### Core team - Mark

 * No news

### Community team

### Compiler team

### crates.io team - Sean

* No major news

### dev tools team

* No major news

### lang team - Josh

- Discussions on UB
- FFI unwinding
- Private remarks

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

 * no major news

### infra team - pietroalbini

 * Agreed with Microsoft to create a second Azure org for CI-heavy repos, should start contacting those repos maintainers soon
 * GitHub sync landed on the team repo, please add it for your teams!

### cli domain wg

 * No news

### embedded domain wg

* Embedded WG looking into how to triage issues/requests to present to this meeting in the future
* Embedded WG starting planning for mentoring/onramping new contributors
  * Many teams have folks that are over-busy
  * Hoping to unblock reviews

### async ecosystem wg - Yosh

### wasm domain wg - Alex

 * LLVM 9 update has landed
     * `#[thread_local]` support coming now
     * Needs updated linker support for multithreading applications
 * The `wasm-pack` tool has started seeing more triage and maintenance

### secure code wg - Tony

 * Safety Dance (https://github.com/rust-secure-code/safety-dance)
 * RUSTSEC-2019-0011: memoffset
 
### game dev wg

### library team - Alex

* The `std`-aware Cargo RFC has been closed in favor of a [discussion repository](https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-cargo-std-aware) where issues can serve as a way to categorize discussion. Motivation here is to drive towards an MVP in a reasonable time frame and avoid being blocked on too many issues.e
