# Rust Project Leadership Sync Meeting

Meeting notes: https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/tree/master/minutes/project-leadership-sync

Zoom link: https://mozilla.zoom.us/j/289359817

## Instructions

### In the leadup to the meeting

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

### As you join the meeting

Add your name to the appropriate team or working group that you are representing below.

### After the meeting

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### Core team - Mark
  * nothing to report

### Community team

### Compiler team

### crates.io team - Sean

* Brief downtime next week

### dev tools team

### lang team - Josh

* No news to report

### moderation team

### release team - Mark

 * tool breakage weeks on [Forge](https://forge.rust-lang.org/)

### infra team - Pietro

 * Had a small docs.rs outage, deployed changes to fix the root cause
 * Private remarks

### cli domain wg

 * no major news

### embedded domain wg - James

* Waiting on core team response re: Freenode IRC
* Waiting on response re: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/62781 from compiler team
* Planning on putting together guide for mentorship

### async ecosystem wg - Yosh
 * triage meeting last week went really well
 * switching leadership

### wasm domain wg

### secure code wg - Tony

* nothing to report
 
### game dev wg - AlexEne
* A lot of discussions and other similar sessions about the state of various libraries in game development
* Progress on the GLSL->SPIRV rust-only toolchain design/missing parts
* Math libraries is an ongoing topic still without a clear answer.

### library team - Alex

* nothing to report
