# Rust Project Sync Meeting

## Instructions

Prior to or during the meeting, jot down a few notes for your team. When it comes time to speak, it is best to focus on **upcoming** or **future plans**, in particular those that may have a cross-cutting nature.

If you have private remarks that you don't want to be in the minutes, feel free to just write nothing or to write something like "private remarks".

Since we don't have a lot of time per team, please avoid getting into the details. Ping the speaker after the meeting if you want to follow-up with questions.

Feel free to add more announcements than those you plan to speak about out loud. For example, you might jot down notable developments from the week.

At the end of each meeting, we will lightly edit these minutes as needed and then copy them into a repository, clearing this document for the next week.

## Teams

### Core team -  Ashley, Niko

* this meeting!
* private remarks

### Community team -- Florian

* We're busy with handling translations for the website
* community@ is getting a little more traffic this week

### Compiler team (nikomatsakis)

Spoken:

* niko, felix will both be away for several weeks.
    * nagisa is going to run triage meetings while we are away.
* we would really like to have a "team blog" to help us publicize work
* we have a few folks (niko, felix, mw) taking extended breaks -- should we have a Rust team "PTO" calendar?
* we are having trouble with triage; this was discussed in a [meeting last week][compiler1] where we discussed how to share efforts with WG-triage in the release team. Summary:
    * maybe triage team can help with assessing which are the highest priority problems to fix
    * compiler ICE-breakers team focused more on fixing
    * extending the "expert map" to help in assigning work
* we've been thinking for some time about some kind of ["help wanted"][compiler2] thread to help in recruitment, especically for high priority bugs or less conventional tasks (e.g. organizational), but haven't executed. Might overlap with something like the 'find work' site.

Unspoken:

* shout out to whoever made `rfcbot claim` work, that is super useful

[compiler1]: https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/blob/master/minutes/design-meeting/2019-07-08-triage-wg.md
[compiler2]: https://github.com/rust-lang/compiler-team/issues/77

### crates.io team - Justin Geibel (filling in for Sean)

* Scheduling a meeting for next week to sync on the roadmap
* Focus on growing the team, especially around ops

### dev tools team - Manish

* slow work on cargo clippy improvements
* changelogs!!

### doc team -- steveklabnik

* private remarks

### lang team (nikomatsakis)

Spoken:

* private remarks (impl trait retrospective)

Other updates:

* async expected to ship in 1.38, [current blockers](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/AsyncAwait-Blocking)
* 

### library team - alexcrichton

* Minor stabilizations
* Nothing major to report

### moderation team

* Absent this week

### release team - Mark (simulacrum)
 * wg-triage in process of forming, ~14 (new!) people onboarded
     * initial focus on PR triage, then moving to issues on rust-lang/rust

### infra team - Pietro Albini

* Progress has been made on the Azure Pipelines migration
  * Bot posting error messages is now up and running :tada: 
  * Work on getting 4 core machines is underway
* There is still no clear information on capacity for other repos, but we should be close
* Other private remarks

### cli domain wg - Pascal (killercup)

* meetings and work continues, little of project-wide concern
* push cli book to doc.rust-lang.org? docs/infra/release team?

### embedded domain wg (James Munns)

* Starting our trial move to Matrix from Mozilla IRC
    * Process detailed in [these ops notes](https://github.com/rust-embedded/wg/pull/363)
    * https://matrix.to/#/#rust-embedded:matrix.org

### networking domain wg

* Absent this week

### wasm domain wg (fitzgen)

* Working on support for the "Web IDL bindings" proposal in wasm-bindgen
    * This is the thing enables direct DOM access from wasm, and promises to eventually unlock even-faster-than-JS DOM access

